# Fees Content

New Asia College
New Asia College was founded in 1949 by Mr. Ch'ien Mu and a group of scholars from mainland China. It aims to promote traditional Chinese culture with the complement of Western academics, so that students can deepen their understanding of traditional Chinese culture and at the same time acquire the knowledge and skills needed in modern society.
In  order to  promote cultural exchanges and broaden students' horizons, the College has established a series of study and exchange programmes where students can participate in summer courses or one-term/one-year exchange programmes at world renowned institutions at home or abroad such as Yale University and Peking University.
Each year, the College organises a number of academic and cultural lectures and activities, including the 'Ch'ien Mu Lecture in History and Culture' and the 'Yu Ying-shih Lecture in History'.
A wide range of College scholarships are awarded to students with outstanding performances or improvements in their studies, social services and extra-curricular activities. Bursaries are offered to those with financial difficulties. The College currently has around 3,500 students, and implements the 'Guaranteed One-year Residence Scheme' so that every student has the chance to enjoy hostel life.

United College
With the motto Make One's Virtues Shine and Renew the People , and the spirit of 'Together We Innovate, United We Advance', United College sets out to provide a good learning environment, whole-person education and pastoral care as well as spiritual enhancement of its students.
United College places strong emphasis on whole-person education and broadening the perspective of its students and enhancing their sense of social responsibility with a wide range of activities. Students are given ample opportunities to participate in overseas study tours and service learning programmes under the College's Globe-oriented Active Learning (GOAL) Programme through a wide range of scholarships. The College also organises a Service Learning Internship Programme (SLIP) to provide internship opportunities for students to work in the overseas NGOs.
Various academic, social service and sports scholarships, awards and grants are established by the College, including the Hostel Residence Grant, Off-campus Residence Grant, First-in-the-family Tertiary Education Admission Scholarship, etc. In 2024-25, the total number of the College's scholarships, awards and financial aid reaches 2,000 awards and the total value reaches HK$12 million.
To reach more students and provide support and assistance to them, the College strives to work on Student Wellness Programme and Career Development Facilitation  Scheme.  In  collaboration with  the  College Alumni Association, Mentorship Programme and Internship Scheme are organised for students.
The College is situated on a beautiful campus with four student hostels which accommodate 1,288 students. Construction of the fifth student hostel is in progress and it is estimated to be completed in 2025 which will provide an additional 250 hostel places for students. The campus also provides a library, a gymnasium, a physical fitness room, a microcomputer laboratory and a creative media studio, non-residential halls, etc., for all students.

Shaw College
Shaw College was established in July 1986 through the generosity of Sir Run Run Shaw, a world-renowned philanthropist who kindly accepted an invitation to become the Founding Patron of the College.
The College motto, Xiude Jiangxue ,  is taken from a Confucian saying that highlights the cultivation of virtue and pursuit of knowledge. The College founding aspiration is Learning, innovation, and benefitting humankind .
Shaw College organises and subsidises a wide variety of college life, student development programmes, experiential learning, service learning, and offers general education courses, College assemblies, Shaw Prize lectures, distinguished scholars lectures, etc., designed to help students adjust to university life and have whole person development, and to nurture them to become global citizens and future leaders.
Through scholarship, awards and financial assistance and many other schemes, the College recognises academic and non-academic achievements of students in academic excellence, outstanding performance in extra-curricular activities, community service, sports, leadership and talents, as well as supports students with financial need.

Morningside College
Morningside College was established in 2006 with a generous and imaginative donation from the Morningside Foundation. Morningside is fully residential and accommodates 300 students. Students take rigorous general education courses in seminar settings conducive to discussion, discursive writing and debate. These courses are designed to sharpen their intellectual acumen and equip them with the ability to engage in independent, reflective and critical thinking.
The College students value ideas, diversity, creativity, individuality, and civic responsibility. The Morningside student body is one of the most diverse student bodies at the University, with residents from many countries and regions. College fellows and distinguished visitors also contribute time, energy and thought to enriching college life. The College aims to help students to develop the values, intellectual breadth and practical skills needed to play leading roles in a wide range of disciplines and professions.
A sense of social responsibility and engagement is central to the Morningside ethos. All of the students take an active part in community service activities throughout their university years. These and other activities lead them to a deeper understanding of themselves and of how they can make a positive impact on the world.

S.H. Ho College
S.H.  Ho  College was founded in 2006, with a generous donation from The S.H. Ho Foundation. The College admitted its first cohort of students in August of 2010 and accommodates 600 students on a fully residential and communal dining basis. It draws its motto, Culture, Morals, Devotion and Trustworthiness , from The Analects of Confucius , as these qualities are vital in nurturing prominent leaders who serve the community.
Sitting at the heart of CUHK, the College campus is located on University Avenue. It is within easy walking distance of the University Station. The two student hostels, Ho Tim Hall and Lee Quo Wei Hall-each comprising 300 hostel places, music room, fitness room, learning commons, well-being development space 'The Wells', multi-purpose student hub and reading room 'The Oasis', play room and grass field-are together home to 600 students.
To enable students to experience different cultures, acquire language skills and explore their own identities, S.H. Ho College offers a variety of overseas experience programmes. The College strives to achieve the goal that above 80% of its students have overseas experiences. This will be achieved by means of exchange programmes, summer study abroad programmes, summer language study programmes, cultural visits and service-learning.
Prof. Vincent C.T. Mok is the Master of the College. He is currently Mok Hing Yiu Professor of Medicine, Division of Neurology, Department of Medicine and Therapeutics, CUHK. He is also the Co-Director of Charles Kao CUHK BEAT AD Service; the Director of Lau Tat-chuen Research Centre of Brain Degenerative Diseases in Chinese; the Director of Margaret K.L. Cheung Research Centre for Management of Parkinsonism; the Director of Therese Pei Fong Chow Research Centre for Prevention of Dementia; the Secretary of the Neurology Specialty Board, Hong Kong College of Physicians; and a member of the Expert Committee on Clinical Events Assessment Following COVID-19 Immunization, the Government of HKSAR. Professor Mok was awarded the Chief Executive's Commendation for Community Service in 2022.

C.W. Chu College
Founded in 2007, C.W. Chu College is named after Dr. Chu Ching-wen (1906-1996), a prominent industrialist and a remarkable philanthropist who spent the larger part of his career in Hong Kong. The values which the late Dr. Chu exemplified are encapsulated in the College motto Cultus et Beneficentia (cultivating oneself and benefitting the community). The vision statement of the College embodies four elements: intimate, international, intellectual, involved ,  and aims to nurture graduates with leadership, generosity, intellectual clarity and morality.
With a student membership of only 300, the College places strong emphasis on student-teacher interactions. It offers four years of undergraduate residence, and communal dining three times a week, catalysing students to build enduring bonds. The College admits no more than 75 students per year, with an expectation of 35% (including incoming exchange students) coming from outside Hong Kong. College fellows and teachers likewise come from many different backgrounds, enabling students to experience and share multicultural perspectives. Students broaden their horizon and enrich their social exposure through the mentorship scheme, which extends and realises the vision and mission of the College. Mentors are experienced and leading figures from all walks of life, including a ready network of Chu Scholars, and will offer advice and guidance on students' personal development.

Wu Yee Sun College
Wu Yee Sun College was established in 2007 with the generous support of Wu Yee Sun Charitable Foundation Limited.
The College motto is Scholarship and Perseverance ,  which is extracted from 'Chapter 20', The Doctrine of the Mean . The College aims to broaden students' horizons (scholarship) and encourage them to forge ahead (perseverance) in making contributions to society and leading a productive and rewarding life.
In  support  of  the  College  mission, Entrepreneurial  Spirit  with  Social Responsibility , the College creates an intimate and dynamic learning atmosphere to drive the development of social entrepreneurship among the student-a passion for creativity and innovation, and an acumen in pursuing new projects and ideas, not just for personal gain but for the common good.
House of Sunny Living and Creativity Laboratory are the unique facilities of the College, which are launched to promote healthy living and to nurture the creativity among students respectively. Diversified experiential learning is one of the characteristics of the College. Students can also learn through general education programme focusing on sustainability, cultural and overseas exchange programmes to broaden their horizons, service-learning programmes to serve and contribute to society, internship and mentorship programmes to share their experience with peers.
The College has approximately 1,300 students in total, with about 300 students joining us every year. Students are guaranteed one year of hostel residence in four years of study to enjoy vibrant college life.

Honorary Fellows
Jin, Serena Sheng-hwa 金聖華, 1 = 2012. Lee, Hon-ching 利漢楨, 1 = 2012. Lo, Peter Tak-shing 羅德承, 1 = 2012. Yeung, Ming-biu 楊明標, 1 = 2012. Chan, Warren Chee-hoi 陳志海, 1 = 2013. Chan, Sui-kau 陳瑞球, 1 = 2013. Huen, Patrick Wing-ming 禤永明, 1 = 2013. Lee, Kam-hon 李金漢, 1 = 2013. Lee, Rebecca Lok-sze 李樂詩, 1 = 2013. Leong, Edwin Siu-hung 梁紹鴻, 1 = 2013. McConville, Mike, 1 = 2013. Chan, Terence Chun-wing 陳鎮榮, 1 = 2014. Chu, David En-yue 朱恩餘, 1 = 2014. Koo, Ti-hua 顧鐵華, 1 = 2014. Lam, Bill Wing-tak 林榮德, 1 = 2014. Leung, Anita Fung-yee 梁鳳儀, 1 = 2014. Wang, Chi 王冀, 1 = 2014. Wong, Kwai-lam 黃桂林, 1 = 2014. Choi, Park-lai 蔡伯勵, 1 = 2015. Lau, Chor-tak 劉佐德, 1 = 2015. Li, Walton Wai-tat 李維達, 1 = 2015. Yau, William Ying-sum 游應森, 1 = 2015. Yu, Yui-chiu 余銳超, 1 = 2015. Chow, Therese Pei-fong 周佩芳, 1 = 2016. Fan, Hamen Shi-hoo 范思浩, 1 = 2016. Li, Donald Kwok-tung 李國棟, 1 = 2016. Liu, Pak-wai 廖柏偉, 1 = 2016. Nagahara, Akihiro 長原彰弘, 1 = 2016. Chu, Peter Ka-lok 朱嘉樂, 1 = 2017. Kao, Mayching 高美慶, 1 = 2017. Kwok, Karl Chi-leung 郭志樑, 1 = 2017. Li, Kenneth Benjamin 李本俊, 1 = 2017. Wong, Michael Yick-kam 黃奕鑑, 1 = 2017. Young, Kenneth 楊綱凱, 1 = 2017. Chan, Chi-sun 陳志新, 1 = 2018. Hui, Ming 許銘, 1 = 2018. Law, Kwok-hung 羅國雄, 1 = 2018. Siu, Wing-tai 蕭永泰, 1 = 2018. Tan, Siu-lin 陳守仁, 1 = 2018. Lam, Colin Ko-yin 林高演, 1 = 2019
Lee, Charlie Chun-kee 李俊駒, 1 = 2019. Lee, William Tak-lun 李德麟, 1 = 2019. Wong, Denny Man-yin 王文彥, 1 = 2019. Chan, Raymond Wai-man 陳偉文, 1 = 2021. Cheung, Karen Tih-loh 張添珞, 1 = 2021. Hung, Peter Hak-hip 洪克協, 1 = 2021. Ng, Yuet-lau 伍月柳, 1 = 2021. Cheng, Arthur Chuen-hon 鄭傳漢, 1 = 2022. Lam, Enders Wai-hung 林偉雄, 1 = 2022. Li, Aubrey Kwok-sing 李國星, 1 = 2022. Wong, Henry Nai-ching 黃乃正, 1 = 2022. Yu, Chui-yee 余翠怡, 1 = 2022. Chai, Sunny Ngai-chiu 查毅超, 1 = 2023. Cheng, Jack Chun-yiu 鄭振耀, 1 = 2023. Cheng, Stewart Kam-chiu 鄭錦超, 1 = 2023. Cheung, Joseph Wang-ngai 張宏毅, 1 = 2023. Choi, Janice 蔡關頴琴, 1 = 2023. Kitamura, Takanori 北村隆則, 1 = 2023. Fok, Tai-fai 霍泰輝, 1 = 2024. Hui, Michael King-man 許敬文, 1 = 2024. Kwok, Barbara Pik-lin 郭碧蓮, 1 = 2024. Lee, Simon Kwok-chung 李國忠, 1 = 2024. Lee, Harry Nai-shee 李乃熺, 1 = 2024. Leung, Yuen-sang 梁元生, 1 = 2024. Luk, Roger Koon-hoo 陸觀豪, 1 = 2024
Part 3
Fees

Fees
(for the academic year 2024-2025)

Tuition fees
Full-time local students..........................................................................................., HK$ = 42,100. Full-time non-local students 2013-14 to 2016-17 intakes..............................................................................., HK$ = 120,000. 2017-18 intake and beyond.............................................................................., HK$ = 145,000. Double degree programmes/ Double degree options Local students, HK$ = . (First of double degree)................................................................................., HK$ = 42,100. 2013-14 to 2016-17 intakes ...................................................................., HK$ = 120,000. 2017-18 intake and beyond...................................................................., HK$ = 145,000. Non-local students, HK$ = . 2013-14 to 2016-17 intakes ...................................................................., HK$ = 120,000. 2017-18 intake and beyond...................................................................., HK$ = 145,000. (Second of double degree) 2013-14, HK$ = 120,000. 2017-18 intake and beyond...................................................................., HK$ = 145,000. Collaborative Dual Degree Programmes Local students........................................................................................................, HK$ = 42,100. Non-local students 1

Tuition fees
...................................................................... Programme, HK$ = Specific. Local and non-local associate students (Not applicable to the Divinity School of Chung Chi College), HK$ = . < 9 units in a term (per unit)........................................................................, HK$ = 4,700. ≥ 9 units in a term (per term)......................................................................, HK$ = 72,500
1 Non-local students admitted to Collaborative Dual Degree Programme (CDDP) by CUHK after their first year of studies will be billed for the tuition fees difference between the normal rate (HK$145,000 per annum) and the rate of CDDP for the year(s) before their admission to the CDDP.

Tuition fees
Students beyond normative study period, 1 = . Full-time programmes, 1 = . < 9 units in a term, 1 = . (1 Degree, 1 Major), 1 = . Local students, 1 = . Not yet completed First Degree (per unit) ............................, 1 = 1,400. Already completed First Degree (per unit) ..........................., 1 = 4,700. Non-local students (per unit)..........................................................., 1 = 4,700. (1 Degree, Double Major Options), 1 = . Local students, 1 = . Not yet completed First Major, 1 = . Course(s) of unfulfilled First Major (per unit) ..................., 1 = 1,400. Other course(s) (per unit).........................................................., 1 = 4,700. Already completed First Major (per unit)..............................., 1 = 4,700. Non-local students (per unit)..........................................................., 1 = 4,700. (Specially Curated Double Major Programmes and Collaborative, 1 = (Specially Curated Double Major Programmes and Collaborative. Double Major Programmes), 1 = . Local students, 1 = . Not yet completed the graduation requirements, 1 = . Course(s) of unfulfilled graduation requirements, 1 = . (per unit) ..........................................................................................., 1 = 1,400. Other course(s) (per unit) ........................................................., 1 = 4,700. Already completed the graduation requirements (per unit), 1 = . ................................................................................................, 1 = 4,700. Non-local students (per unit)..........................................................., 1 = 4,700. (2 Degrees), 1 = . Local students (per unit)....................................................................., 1 = 4,700. Non-local students (per

Tuition fees
unit)..........................................................., 1 = 4,700. (Collaborative Dual Degree Programmes), 1 = . Local students (per unit)....................................................................., 1 = 1,400. Non-local students........................................................ Programme, 1 = Specific. ≥ 9 units in a term, 1 = . (1 Degree, 1 Major), 1 = . Local students, 1 = . Not yet completed First Degree (per term) .........................., 1 = 21,050. Already completed First Degree (per term).........................., 1 = 72,500. Non-local students (per term)........................................................., 1 = 72,500. (1 Degree, Double Major Options), 1 = . Local students, 1 = . Not yet completed First Major, 1 = . Course(s) of unfulfilled First Major (per unit) ..................., 1 = 1,400. Other course(s) (per unit).........................................................., 1 = 4,700. (Max. 72,500 per term), 1 = (Max. 72,500 per term). Already completed First Major (per term)............................., 1 = 72,500
Non-local students
Not yet completed First Major (per unit) ............................  ...
4,700
(Max. 72,500 per term)
Already completed First Major (per term) ........................ ....
72,500
(Specially Curated Double Major Programmes and Collaborative
Double Major Programmes)
Local students
Not yet completed the graduation requirements
(per term)  ...............................................................................................
21,050
Already completed the graduation requirements
(per term)  ...............................................................................................
72,500

Tuition fees
Non-local students ...............................................................................
72,500
(2 Degrees)
Local students (per term)  ...................................................................
72,500
Non-local students (per term) .........................................................
72,500
(Collaborative Dual Degree Programmes)
Local students (per term)  ...................................................................
21,050
Non-local students  ........................................................
Programme Specific

Application fees
Full-time students (Non-JUPAS)
Paper-form application ......................................................................................
Online application  .................................................................................................
Associate students ...................................................................................................

Other fees 2
Fee for retention of place (per term)
Full-time Programmes with two terms  .......................................................
Caution money 3   ..........................................................................................................
Graduation fee 3   ...........................................................................................................
College Graduating Class Activities Fee  ........................................................
Transcript/Letter of Certification fee (per copy) ..........................................
Fee for certifying degree certificate/diploma (per copy)  ........................
450
450
450
300
450
450
380
50
50
Certificate of Graduation (per copy) .................................................................
50
2 Students admitted by the partner universities under the Collaborative Dual Degree Programmes will pay tuition fee to their home universities. However, they may need to pay other applicable fees to CUHK, including caution money which will be converted into graduation fee eventually.
3 Caution money shall be payable as a deposit to make good any outstanding debts to the University incurred in, for example, damages to University property. This sum less any deductions made for outstanding debts shall be refunded on discontinuation or withdrawal of studies at the University. For graduating students, caution money shall be converted into graduation fee, which shall be payable by all students on completion of their studies.

Other fees 2
Report on curriculum details / Report on teaching timetable details (per application) First copy..................................................................................................................., 1 = 150. Each subsequent copy......................................................................................, 1 = 50. Fine for fee payment in arrears ..........................................................................., 1 = 200. Fee for replacement of CU Link Card (each card)....................................., 1 = 130. Fee for application for course and unit exemption...................................., 1 = 160. Fee for reinstatement of studentship..............................................................., 1 = 430. Fee for replacement of degree certificate (per copy)..............................., 1 = 800. Experiential Learning Activities ('ELA') Reports (extra copy) University ELA Report (per copy) .................................................................., 1 = 25. Student ELA Report (per copy) ......................................................................, 1 = 25. Delivery of degree certificate/transcript/letter of certification and other official documents (SpeedPost) Hong Kong..............................................................................................................., 1 = 65. Other areas Mainland and other Asian countries/regions....................................., 1 = 200. Other

Other fees 2
countries................................................................................................., 1 = 300. n Postgraduate Programmes, 1 = . Tuition fees, 1 = . (per annum), 1 = HK$. Full-time students admitted to UGC-funded research and taught programmes, 1 = . Local students........................................................................................................, 1 = 42,100. Non-local students, 1 = . Research programmes.................................................................................., 1 = 42,100. Taught programmes......................................................................................., 1 = 145,000. Joint PhD training programme Without Funding Support from Partner Institution..............................., 1 = 42,100. With Funding Support from Partner Institution......................................, 1 = 84,200. Part-time research postgraduate programmes.........................................., 1 = 42,100. Full-time Postgraduate Diploma in Education Programme Local students........................................................................................................, 1 = 42,100. Non-local students .............................................................................................., 1 = 145,000. Part-time Postgraduate Diploma in Education Programme, 1 = . Local students........................................................................................................, 1 = 21,050. Non-local students

Other fees 2
.............................................................................................., 1 = 72,500. (per programme), 1 = HK$. Doctor of Business Administration (Chinese) Programme, 1 = . Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 1,800,000

Other fees 2
Doctor of Business Administration (Chinese) Programme- Greater Bay Area (GBA) Class Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 1,800,000. Doctor of Education Programme Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 335,700. Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 319,600. Doctor of Nursing Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 310,000. Doctor of Psychology Programme in Clinical Psychology Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 319,020. Doctor of Social Science Programme in Applied Social Science Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 360,000. Dual Degree Programme-MSc in Applied Economics (CUHK) and MS in Social and Economic Policy (Northwestern University) Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 465,000. Dual LLB-JD Degree Programme-LLB (King's College London) and JD (CUHK) JD Component

Other fees 2
Full-time................................................................................................................, 1 = 380,760. Executive Master of Professional Accountancy Programme [Shanghai] Part-time.......................................................................................................... RMB 368,000, 1 = Executive Master of Professional Accountancy Programme [Shanghai] Part-time.......................................................................................................... RMB 368,000. Executive MBA(Chinese) Programme Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 760,000. Executive MBAProgramme Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 720,000. JD Programme Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 480,960. BBA-JD Double Degree Programme JD Component Full-time................................................................................................................, 1 = 240,480. JD/MBA Double Degree Programme MBAComponent

Other fees 2
Full-time................................................................................................................ Part-time..............................................................................................................., 1 = 462,650. , 1 = 344,660. JD Component Full-time/Part-time.........................................................................................., 1 = 400,800. LLM Programme in Chinese Business Law Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 160,320. LLM Programme in Common Law Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 160,320. LLM Programme in Energy and Environmental Law Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 160,320

Other fees 2
LLM Programme in International Economic Law Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 160,320. LLM Programme in Legal History Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 160,320. MAProgramme in Anthropology Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 145,500. MAProgramme in Buddhist Studies Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 120,800. MAProgramme in Chinese Language and Literature Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 120,000. MAProgramme in Chinese Language Education Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 123,000. MAProgramme in Chinese Linguistics and Language Acquisition Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 167,400. MAProgramme in Chinese Studies Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1

Other fees 2
= 155,000. MAProgramme in Christian Studies Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 118,000. MAProgramme in Comparative and Public History Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 150,000. MAProgramme in Cultural Management Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 135,000. MAProgramme in Early Childhood Education Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 129,000. Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 123,000. MAProgramme in English (Applied English Linguistics) Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 120,000. MAProgramme in English (Literary Studies) Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 120,000. MAProgramme in English Language Teaching Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 123,000. MAProgramme in Family Counselling

Other fees 2
and Family Education Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 164,000. MAProgramme in Fine Arts Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 133,000. MAProgramme in Gender Studies Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 156,900. MAProgramme in Global Communication Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 165,000

Other fees 2
MAProgramme in Intercultural Studies Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 135,000. MAProgramme in Japanese Studies, 1 = . Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 121,000. Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 121,000. MAProgramme in Journalism Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 162,000. Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 120,000. MAProgramme in Linguistics Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 167,400. MAProgramme in Music Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 128,000. MAProgramme in Philosophy Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1

Other fees 2
= 116,000. MAProgramme in Psychology Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 148,650. Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 167,200. MAProgramme in Religious Studies Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 118,000. MAProgramme in School Guidance and Counselling Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 143,500. MAProgramme in School Improvement and Leadership Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 123,000. MAProgramme in Social Policy Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 179,000. MAProgramme in Social Service Management Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 179,000. MAProgramme in Sociology

Other fees 2
Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 165,000. MAProgramme in Translation Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 148,000. MAProgramme in Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 129,000. Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 123,000. Master of Accountancy Programme Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 390,000. Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 300,000. Master of Architecture Programme Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 380,000

Other fees 2
Master of Chinese Medicine Programme Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 708,216. Master of Clinical Pharmacy Programme Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 152,000. Master of Divinity Programme Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 126,300. Master of Education Programme Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 165,000. Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 159,000. Master of Nursing Programme Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 132,600. Master of Nursing Science (Pre-registration) Programme Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 435,000. Master of Public Health Programme

Other fees 2
Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 198,000. Master of Social Work Programme Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 179,000. Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 159,000. MBAProgramme Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 605,000. Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 470,000. MBAProgramme in Finance Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 555,000. MSc Programme in Accreditation Chemistry Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 143,000. MSc Programme in Actuarial Science and Insurance Analytics

Other fees 2
Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 330,000. MSc Programme in Advanced Studies in Statistics and Data Science Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 198,000. MSc Programme in Biochemical and Biomedical Sciences Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 150,000. MSc Programme in Biomedical Engineering Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 198,000. MSc Programme in Business Analytics Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 340,000. MSc Programme in Cardiology (Advanced Cardiology Practice Concentration) Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 221,953. MSc Programme in Cardiology (Essential Cardiology Concentration) Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 158,538

Other fees 2
MSc Programme in Chinese Medicine Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 174,000. MSc Programme in Computer Science Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 264,000. Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 228,800. MSc Programme in Data Science and Business Statistics Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 171,600. MSc Programme in E-Commerce and Logistics Technologies Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 200,000. MSc Programme in Economics Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 298,000. MSc Programme in Electronic Engineering Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 174,960. MSc Programme in Environmental Information, Health and Public Management

Other fees 2
Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 159,600. Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 162,400. MSc Programme in Epidemiology and Biostatistics Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 198,000. MSc Programme in Finance Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 420,000. Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 350,000. MSc Programme in Financial Technology Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 340,000. MSc Programme in Gastroenterology Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 158,000. MSc Programme in Genomics and Bioinformatics Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 139,200. MSc Programme in GeoInformation Science and Smart Cities

Other fees 2
Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 155,000. MSc Programme in Health Services Management Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 198,000. MSc Programme in Information and Technology Management Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 190,000. MSc Programme in Information Science and Technology Management Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 290,000. MSc Programme in Information Engineering Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 220,500. MSc Programme in Management Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 365,000

Other fees 2
MSc Programme in Sustainable Global Business Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 270,000 200,000. Part-time.................................................................................................................... MSc Programme in Medical Laboratory Sciences, 1 = . Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 143,000. MSc Programme in Marketing Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 320,000. MSc Programme in Mathematics Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 135,000. MSc Programme in Mathematics Education Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 123,000. MSc Programme in Maternal Fetal Medicine Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 178,000. MSc Programme in Mechanical and Automation Engineering

Other fees 2
Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 186,480. MSc Programme in Medical Genetics Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 168,000. MSc Programme in Musculoskeletal Medicine, Rehabilitation and Geriatric Orthopaedics Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 180,000. MSc Programme in New Media Full-time..................................................................................................................... Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 165,000 126,000. MSc Programme in Nutrition, Food Science and Technology Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 150,000. MSc Programme in Obstetric and Midwifery Care Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 149,000. MSc Programme in Physics Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 120,000. MSc Programme in

Other fees 2
Prehospital and Emergency Care Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 170,000. MSc Programme in Real Estate Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 260,000. MSc Programme in Reproductive Medicine and Clinical Embryology Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 165,000. MSc Programme in Research Medicine Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 115,992. MSc Programme in Risk Management Science and Data Analytics Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 178,000. MSc Programme in Speech-Language Pathology Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 490,000

Other fees 2
MSc Programme in Sports Medicine and Health Science Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 193,000. MSc Programme in Sports Science and Physical Activity Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 160,000. Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 140,000. MSc Programme in Stroke and Clinical Neurosciences Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 160,000. MSc Programme in Systems Engineering and Engineering Management Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 200,000. MSc Programme in Urban Design Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 220,000. MSSc Programme in Advertising Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 162,000.

Other fees 2
Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 120,000. MSSc Programme in Corporate Communication Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 165,000. Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 126,000. MSSc Programme in Global Political Economy Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 170,000. MSSc Programme in Government and Politics (Greater China) Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 170,000. MSSc Programme in Public Policy Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 170,000. MSSc Programme in Social Work Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 302,500. Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 282,000. MSSc

Other fees 2
Programme in Sustainable Tourism Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 155,000. PGD Programme in Epidemiology and Biostatistics Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 99,000. PGD Programme in Financial Technology Full-time/Part-time..............................................................................................., 1 = 170,000. PGD Programme in Prehospital and Emergency Care Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 85,000. PGD Programme in Public Health Part-time...................................................................................................................., 1 = 88,000. Postgraduate Certificate Programme in Laws Full-time....................................................................................................................., 1 = 219,580
Associate students 4  (per annum)
Continuing students 4  (per term)

Other fees 2
Other fees, 300 = . Fee for retention of place (per term), 300 = . Programme with four terms............................................................................., 300 = 150. Programme with three terms.........................................................................., 300 = 200. Other programmes..............................................................................................., 300 = 300. Continuation fee (per term), 300 = . UGC-funded programmes 6 No course taken.............................(Approx.1/8, 300 = . Any course taken 7 .......................................... (1/2 of current annual tuition Self-financed programmes...............(Determined by respective programmes) Caution money 8 .........................................................................................................., 300 = fee) 450. Graduation fee 8 ..........................................................................................................., 300 = 450. Transcript/Letter of Certification fee (per copy).........................................., 300 = 50. Fee for certifying graduate certificate/diploma (per copy)...................., 300 = 50. Certificate of Graduation (per copy) ................................................................., 300 = 50. Report on curriculum details / Report on teaching timetable details (per application), 300 = . First copy..................................................................................................................., 300 = 150. Each subsequent

Other fees 2
copy......................................................................................, 300 = 50. Fine for fee payment in arrears ..........................................................................., 300 = 200. Fee for replacement of CU Link Card (each card)....................................., 300 = 130. Fee for application for course and unit exemption...................................., 300 = 160. Fee for replacement of graduate certificate (per, 300 = 800. copy)..........................., 300 = 
4 Follows the fees of respective programmes.
5 Individual postgraduate programmes may charge different rates of application fee as approved by the University.
6 The continuation fee is charged on a full-term basis for studies per term or part of a term.
7 Students will be charged at 1/2 of current annual tuition fee if they take any course(s) without 'zero billing factor' (refer to the 'course attribute' under Course Catalog in the Chinese University Student Information System (CUSIS)). If they only take course(s) with 'zero billing factor', they will be charged at approximately 1/8 of current annual tuition fee.
8 Caution money shall be payable as a deposit to make good any outstanding debts to the University incurred in, for example, damages to University property. This sum less any deductions made for outstanding debts shall be refunded on discontinuation of studies at the University. For graduating students, caution money shall be converted into graduation fee, which shall be payable by all students on completion of their study programmes.

Other fees 2
Fees for postgraduate studies 1. Registration, 1 = 42,100. 2. Thesis/Portfolio examination, 1 = . Doctor of Science......................................................................................., 1 = 9,000. Doctor of Medicine....................................................................................., 1 = 5,000. Other doctoral programmes.................................................................., 1 = 2,400. Research master's programmes........................................................., 1 = 2,000. 3. Re-submission of thesis in revised form (payable on submission of revised version, 1 = . Doctoral programmes.............................................................................., 1 = 2,400. Research master's programmes........................................................., 1 = 2,000. 4. Administrative fee for award of taught postgraduate degree to PhD students................................................................................................, 1 = 8,000. 5. Visa handling fee for non-local postgraduate students................, 1 = 450. Delivery of graduate certificate/transcript/letter of certification and other official documents (SpeedPost), 1 = . Hong Kong..............................................................................................................., 1 = 65. Other areas, 1 = . Mainland and other Asian countries/regions....................................., 1 = 200. Other countries................................................................................................., 1 = 300

Tuition fees
HK$
Individual Short Courses (tailor-made for students with special needs), 1 = Individual Short Courses (tailor-made for students with special needs). (per study hour).............................................................................................., 1 = 1,730 to 2,425. Group Classes (per study hour).............................................................................................., 1 = 185 to 295. Full-time Course (per credit unit) ..............................................................................................., 1 = 2,045. Online non-award-bearing course (per course)......................................................................................................, 1 = 2,655
HK$
Programme fees for associate undergraduate students 9
Academic year (two terms: September to May) ....................................
145,000
First or second term only ..................................................................................
72,500
Programme fees for associate postgraduate students 9
Academic year (two terms: September to May) ....................................
145,000
First term or second term only .......................................................................
72,500
9 The programme fee covers tuition, basic medical care, transcript and approved Chinese language courses. But it does not cover fees for hostel accommodation and related expenses, students union membership, orientation programme and cultural activities.

Tuition fees
Application fee ......................................................................................................, 1 = 400. Extension application fee ................................................................................, 1 = 400

Hostel Fees
Students who have been allocated hostel places are required to pay the following hostel fees which normally cover a two-term (September to May) residence period. Except for Postgraduate Halls, hostel fees are payable in two instalments and are for lodging only.

Hostel Fees
Chung Chi College hostels, HK$ = . Single room.............................................................................................................., HK$ = 21,118. Regular room..........................................................................................................., HK$ = 16,244. Special room..........................................................................................................., HK$ = 12,996. NewAsia College hostels, HK$ = . Standard double and triple room.................................................................., HK$ = 16,942. Converted triple room........................................................................................, HK$ = 11,300. United College hostels, HK$ = . Single room.............................................................................................................., HK$ = 21,476. Standard room (double/triple)........................................................................, HK$ = 16,522. Converted room (double/triple)....................................................................., HK$ = 11,563. Shaw College hostels, HK$ = . Double room..........................................................................................................., HK$ = 17,536. Triple room and Quadruple

Hostel Fees
room.................................................................., HK$ = 11,694. Morningside College hostels Double room..........................................................................................................., HK$ = 19,894. S.H. Ho College hostels Double room..........................................................................................................., HK$ = 14,961. C.W. Chu College hostels, HK$ = . Double room..........................................................................................................., HK$ = 17,090. WuYee Sun College hostels Double room..........................................................................................................., HK$ = 16,056. Lee Woo Sing College hostels, HK$ = . Double room..........................................................................................................., HK$ = 16,502. Triple room................................................................................................................, HK$ = 12,376. International House (For undergraduates), HK$ = . Single room.............................................................................................................., HK$ = 22,554. Double room and Triple

Hostel Fees
room........................................................................., HK$ = 17,088. Quadruple room...................................................................................................., HK$ = 11,012
Madam S.H. Ho Hostel for Medical Students
Double room ...........................................................................................................
18,146
Double room with bunk bed  ............................................................................
15,422
Jockey Club Postgraduate Halls 1 to 3 (per month)
Single room  ..............................................................................................................
3,900
Shared room (two to three persons)  ............................................................
2,580
Postgraduate Halls 4 to 6 (per month)
Single room  ......................................................................................................
3,280-3,510
Shared room (two persons) .....................................................................
1,945-2,580

Cost of University Education
In addition to the prescribed fees listed above, all full-time students are advised to set aside money for other items including meals, books, transport and other expenses.
Part 4
University Almanac