# Calendar 2024-25 - Chunk 102

<!-- Chunk tokens: 439, Enriched tokens: 445 -->

S.H. Ho College
S.H.  Ho  College was founded in 2006, with a generous donation from The S.H. Ho Foundation. The College admitted its first cohort of students in August of 2010 and accommodates 600 students on a fully residential and communal dining basis. It draws its motto, Culture, Morals, Devotion and Trustworthiness , from The Analects of Confucius , as these qualities are vital in nurturing prominent leaders who serve the community.
Sitting at the heart of CUHK, the College campus is located on University Avenue. It is within easy walking distance of the University Station. The two student hostels, Ho Tim Hall and Lee Quo Wei Hall-each comprising 300 hostel places, music room, fitness room, learning commons, well-being development space 'The Wells', multi-purpose student hub and reading room 'The Oasis', play room and grass field-are together home to 600 students.
To enable students to experience different cultures, acquire language skills and explore their own identities, S.H. Ho College offers a variety of overseas experience programmes. The College strives to achieve the goal that above 80% of its students have overseas experiences. This will be achieved by means of exchange programmes, summer study abroad programmes, summer language study programmes, cultural visits and service-learning.
Prof. Vincent C.T. Mok is the Master of the College. He is currently Mok Hing Yiu Professor of Medicine, Division of Neurology, Department of Medicine and Therapeutics, CUHK. He is also the Co-Director of Charles Kao CUHK BEAT AD Service; the Director of Lau Tat-chuen Research Centre of Brain Degenerative Diseases in Chinese; the Director of Margaret K.L. Cheung Research Centre for Management of Parkinsonism; the Director of Therese Pei Fong Chow Research Centre for Prevention of Dementia; the Secretary of the Neurology Specialty Board, Hong Kong College of Physicians; and a member of the Expert Committee on Clinical Events Assessment Following COVID-19 Immunization, the Government of HKSAR. Professor Mok was awarded the Chief Executive's Commendation for Community Service in 2022.