# Calendar 2024-25 - Chunk 65

<!-- Chunk tokens: 905, Enriched tokens: 908 -->

The Convocation
1. There shall be a Convocation of the University which shall consist of all persons whose names appear on the Convocation roll.
2. All persons who are graduates of the University shall be entitled to have their names entered on the Convocation roll:
Provided that persons on whom a degree honoris causa has been conferred shall  not  solely  by  reason thereof be members of Convocation, but may be elected by Convocation to be members thereof.
3. Any person who obtains a diploma issued by the Post-Secondary Colleges Joint Diploma Board in the academic year of establishment of the University shall be entitled to have his name entered on the Convocation roll.
3A. Any person who had been admitted as a registered student of an original College before the date of establishment of the University, pursued a course of study of not less than 4 years' duration in that original College, and obtained a diploma issued by that original College or by the Post-Secondary Colleges Joint Diploma Board on satisfactory fulfilment of all the requirements prescribed therefor may register with the Registrar of the University to have his name entered on the Convocation roll. (Added L.N. 167 of 1993)
3B. Any person who has attended an approved course of study for not less than 1 academic year after admission as a registered postgraduate student to a Faculty or a School of Studies and has been awarded a postgraduate diploma by the Senate on satisfactory fulfilment of all the requirements prescribed therefor may register with the Registrar of the University to have his name entered on the Convocation roll. (Added L.N. 167 of 1993; Amended L.N. 174 of 2010)
4. The Convocation shall from its own members elect a Chairman and may elect a Vice-Chairman who shall respectively hold office for such periods as the Convocation may determine. No member shall be eligible for election as Chairman or Vice-Chairman unless he is ordinarily resident in Hong Kong. Any retiring Chairman or Vice-Chairman shall be eligible for re-election. (Amended 28 of 2023 s. 15)
5. In case of any casual vacancy in the office of Chairman or Vice-Chairman, the Convocation shall elect one of its members to fill the vacancy and the person so elected shall hold office for the remainder of the term for which his predecessor was appointed.
6. (Repealed L.N. 243 of 1994)
7. (1) Subject to subparagraph (2), the Convocation is to elect 1 member of the Convocation, in a manner to be determined by the Council, to be a member of the Council. (Replaced 28 of 2023 s. 15)
(2) No member of the Convocation shall be eligible for election under subparagraph (1) to serve, or continue to serve, as a member of the Council if he is or becomes a member of the University by virtue of Statute 3, unless he is such a member by virtue of paragraph (m) only, and not at the same time such a member by virtue of any other paragraph, of that Statute, but, save as aforesaid, a member of the Convocation elected under subparagraph (1) shall continue to be a member of the Council, and shall be eligible for re-
election, notwithstanding his being a member of the University by virtue of paragraphs (f) and (m) of Statute 3 at the same time so long as he is such a member of the Council by virtue of paragraph 1(n) of Statute 11 only, and not at the same time a member of the Council by virtue of any other paragraph of that Statute. (Amended L.N. 327 of 1996; L.N. 481 of 1997)
8. The Convocation shall, after a date to be determined by the Council, meet at least once in each calendar year and notice of such meeting shall be given 4 weeks before the date of meeting. Any member desiring to bring forward any business thereat shall forward a statement in writing to reach the Secretary of the Convocation at least 2 weeks before the date of meeting, setting forth in the form of motions the subject or subjects proposed for consideration. (Amended L.N. 548 of 1994)
9. The quorum at any meeting of the Convocation shall be as prescribed by the Council after report from the Convocation.
10. The constitution,  functions,  privileges  and  other  matters  relating  to  the Convocation shall be subject to the approval of the Council.