# Calendar 2024-25 - Chunk 5

<!-- Chunk tokens: 511, Enriched tokens: 513 -->

The Ordinance
In  November 1975, the Chancellor of the University appointed an external commission to review the constitutional arrangements governing the University and its constituent Colleges. Lord Fulton of Falmer was again invited to serve as chairman of the commission.
The second Fulton Report was submitted to the Chancellor in March 1976 and published in May. The Report recommended important changes to the constitutional arrangements governing the University and the Colleges. Under the  new arrangements proposed by the commission, the University would be responsible for academic and development policy, financial management, the matriculation of students, the appointment of staff, the determination of the curriculum, the conduct of examinations, and the award of degrees. The participation of senior academics in the governing bodies of the University would be strengthened. In addition, the Report recommended that the University should strive to strike a balance between 'subject-orientated' teaching and small group 'student-orientated' teaching, and that the latter should be entrusted to the Colleges. This 'student-orientated' teaching would be designed to build in the students habits and frames of mind required of experts in their chosen fields and to equip them with the necessary skills for meeting new challenges in a rapidly changing world. A new ordinance to give effect to the recommendations in the second Fulton Report was enacted in December 1976.
In  1986  the  University  received  a  generous  donation  from  the  Shaw Foundation (Hong Kong) Ltd. for the specific purpose of establishing a fourth College, Shaw College. The Ordinance and the Statutes were further revised to provide for its establishment, and it began admitting students in September 1988.
The University cherishes its college system and the vital roles played by its constituent Colleges. To cater for the addition of more than 3,000 undergraduate students upon reversion to a four-year undergraduate curriculum in 2012, the University decided to establish more Colleges. With very generous support from a number of patrons, the University established Morningside College and S.H. Ho College in May 2006, C.W. Chu College and Wu Yee Sun College in May 2007, and Lee Woo Sing College in October 2007. In July 2007, the University has by Ordinance, in accordance with a special resolution of the Council, declared Morningside College and S.H. Ho College as constituent Colleges of the University. In February 2008, an Ordinance for the declaration of C.W. Chu College, Wu Yee Sun College, and Lee Woo Sing College as constituent Colleges of the University was enacted by the Legislative Council.
The Ordinance and the Statutes of the University are printed in Part 1 of this Calendar .