# Calendar 2024-25 - Chunk 4

<!-- Chunk tokens: 371, Enriched tokens: 372 -->

Origin
The University has its origin in three post-secondary colleges: New Asia College (founded 1949), Chung Chi College (founded 1951), and The United College of Hong Kong (founded 1956), which drew, in their early days, a sizeable proportion of their teachers and some of their students from mainland China.
In 1957, these three Colleges came together to form the Chinese Colleges Joint Council with the objective of securing government recognition of their efforts in providing higher education for the young people of Hong Kong. In 1959, Mr. John S. Fulton (later Lord Fulton of Falmer) was invited to advise on the general lines of development for the three Colleges as a whole. In 1960, the government introduced the Post-Secondary Colleges Ordinance and Regulations, which approved financial support to the three Colleges with a view to raising their academic standards.
In 1961, a University Preparatory Committee, chaired by Dr. the Hon. Sir Choyiu Kwan, was appointed to advise on sites and buildings, and matters relating to the establishment of the University. A group of advisers from Britain and the US visited Hong Kong in the same year to advise the Colleges on the development of university level courses in arts, science, commerce, and social science. The report of these advisers was encouraging, and in 1962 the government appointed a  commission under the chairmanship of Mr. John S. Fulton to consider and determine whether and how a Chinese university could be created from the three Colleges.
The Report of the Fulton Commission, known as the Fulton Report and published in April 1963, recommended the establishment of a new university. Shortly  after  its  publication,  the Report was  approved  in  principle  by  the government. A Provisional Council was set up in June 1963, and The Chinese University of Hong Kong Ordinance and Statutes were enacted in September of the same year. On 17 October 1963 the University was formally inaugurated.